it's not mine
a fitch a yes sir recruits zero
represents doubling another video galera and
today one more episode of the series he has
to stay 13 the next michael jordan is
That's it , I'm not mistaking the episode 6
I said I'd get a little time this
series b if the problem was in the
Control decided already so let's see
This serious hurry is incredible with
maicon michael johnson with joão lonely
I forgot the name of the new player
the situation is so long without playing
forget the guy's name but it's michael
johnson the myth boy
we are here with the popularity of 57%
chemistry of 64 that opposes him which arrived
2000 first time you record live and
libby to stay 13 and civilian who has a
soundtrack soundtrack was the
cup and will need against the fish
sears who has a game here be seeing the
That's going to be worth of xp because I'm going to play
against a mbi star the george pool
esmal for plays in the same position as me
so that's why it will be worth points
Extra leave for me on my johnson is this
That's what he 's talking about.
right winged only speaks in the pack of
people who speak many things to
League understands nothing
tomorrow 's readjustment is jb's headline
online banking choice come on come on
moleque user boys band the opa
Nagem fits very serious
Crazy was nothing glamorous rice for me
The show I cried I traded the old whore
makes her more beautiful one more year
in the game the assistance nec certinho
- did not quantify the smile will goes
It will d3 tomboy use of 3 m you we
in good rebound rebounds johnson comes passes
passes passes busehr just to make do
brat plus a tour of the myth the
Gife here the roso that ball for me of 3
out of 3 is not 3 out of two so it was worth it
also five points the game that rose
stole the lusos here for me and two
they cry but do not fall
johnson was a brat over two points
canoes the rebound came back from a sound
the bus was well come here here celebrated
too much not to catch offensive rebound
be a good naked mother
rose goes d3 of 3 still no whore not
entered failed or returned flying back
and missing you alone all alone for more
one of 3 fell three more points of johnson
johnson dribbling dribbling goes-goes alone
Robinson plays back another one
assistance for me
johnson will d3 another 11 equal to him
nor him who would nery me as johnson of 3
another sea of three balls we got to the
end of the first time ie children
two first periods of the game that
ended 49 to 23 for the buzu march ramos
playing very well including our
the player playing in March johnson
very tomczyk hit two balls of
three with him does not see that the alf postage
the highlight for the best player of this
the first day of the game period that the
johnson marks our player here with 13
points three rebounds and four
assists we're playing a lot then
go to the rest of this good buser game
let's make a play make the move
for me and you both cried weibo entered
to be from a sound of a johnson sound
johnson johnson meadow a being you
back did not come back but alone such a rebound
offensive almost
but the face if it was missing was not lacking
it 's not that
The mention of the social name goes
characteristic of dribbling dribbling a
dribble today will goes
never fell under your son but one goes from
2 of 2002 to abuse goes-goes of 21 years
One or two will come in at last.
t3 in teaching back of 3 does not enter my
finger entered but it's not that we're going to like
johnson because the boy there is missing
that this came back missing was
Miserable by my point the seconds
end of the game let's hold this game
Look, this touches me. Touch me.
play for free ceará, it's over
chicago bulls won another match
tight game on who would say the pension of
your work for us in the second
time I started there are many baskets of
three in the head and a little fominha in the
game and I could not repeat the performance
the first time there the difficult game but
What matters is more a victory does.
time that we do not lose but always
so serious that a defeat is a
faith performance
besides what game he gave 226 of sp
score that I spend on equipment
to improve player
the equipment-only equipment is that
I say your cleats cleats Feria
I'm crying, my mother, who wants to know
what I 'm talking about is kind of crazy
comment
osp also serves to evolve player
best player of the match was in busehr
there for a point he got the best
player of the match made 17 and 18 then
We played 18 minutes 17
four rebounds and four and six rebounds
assists
I played 80-73 in the first and second
period and detonated
then the Indianapolis and destroyed the people
in the third period
It was a very complicated game.
get out with the victory and that 's what
Interest then let's go to the next
game